Psalm 62 to the chief musician to Jeju
'then a psalm of david truly my soul
silently waits for god from him comes my
salvation he only is my rock and my
salvation he is my defense i shall not
be greatly moved how long will you
attack a man you shall be slain all of
you like a leaning wall and a tottering
fence
they only consult to cast him down from
his high position they delight in lies
they bless with their mouths but they
curse inwardly my soul waits silently
for god alone for my expectation is from
him he only is my rock and my salvation
he is my defense i shall not be moved in
god is my salvation and my glory the
rock of my strength and my refuge is in
god trust in him at all times you people
pour out your heart before him god is a
refuge for us surely men of low degree
are a vapor men of high degree are a lie
if they are weighed on the scales they
are altogether lighter than vapor do not
trust in oppression nor vainly hope in
robbery
if riches increase do not set your heart
on them
God has spoken once twice I have heard
this that power belongs to God also to
you O Lord
belongs mercy for you render to each one
according to his work